(Episode 6)
I'm sorry.
Burns can get infected if they're not treated properly.
Bring your face closer.
Don't worry about it. I'll put it on myself.
What are you doing now?
My goodness, it has turned into a blister.
You'll probably be hospitalized if you make breakfast again.
Gosh, I said I can put it on myself.
Have you had a chance to talk with your brother?
Don't even get me started.
He yelled at me and said I shouldn't even call myself a prosecutor.
I was so worried about him. He doesn't even know that I saved him.
It's so unrewarding.
I know, right?
That girl, So Yoon, is the same.
I let her stay at my place because I was worried about her.
She should really be thanking me,
but all she does is lash out at me.
Why did we even do all that to save them?
You got a cut on your finger too, right? Let me see.
Other people may not know, but I do.
You tried so hard.
Good work.
You too.
Gosh, you startled me.
Jae Chan, what brings you here?
There's something I want to tell you.
What is it?
I'll aim to start at a level higher than Grade Nine.
What?
Did you hear everything that night?
Hey, do you even know what it means?
Actually, I don't know. What is it?
Do you always wear glasses? You don't have contact lenses?
I do, but they're such a hassle.
Why do you ask?
Do I look better without glasses?
No, it was all fogged up earlier, so I thought it might be annoying.
No, it doesn't bother me at all.
Why does it bother you?
Do I look different without my glasses?
Are you even more smitten?
Keep wearing them if it doesn't bother you.
If you're bothered, I'll gladly take them off.
By the way, what's going on with the Park Jun Mo case?
You'll re-investigate it, right?
It's all over. How can I re-investigate it?
You'll turn a blind eye to it once again?
Even after all that ruckus last night?
Your brother almost killed someone.
I saved my brother, so it's all good now.
What are you talking about?
You have to find more evidence and indict Park Jun Mo.
With what?
Shall I say he beat her up in your dream?
Do you want me to indict him with no evidence?
- Today is the deadline. - Get it extended!
I can't keep getting it extended.
I have over 300 cold cases to work on this month alone.
If I insist on re-investigating this obvious case,
I'll get transferred to some faraway place.
I don't have any connections, so I might even get fired.
You'll bury it just because you're scared of getting fired?
That's right. I'm scared of being fired.
Listen. I had to scrap my new car because of that accident.
I have 36 months left on my auto loan.
I also have to pay the interest on my home loan,
so I never have any money in my bank account.
My eyes are welling up with tears again.
Taxi!
Memorize this, okay?
45-15-35-43-27-33.
What is that?
This week's winning lottery number.
I saw it in my dream.
I never buy lottery tickets even if I see winning numbers in my dream,
but I'll only share this information with you.
It's for 2.8 million dollars.
Stop spewing total nonsense.
Do you expect me to believe that?
Yes, and run at them.
Because getting fired won't be a problem if I win 2.8 million?
Think of it as an insurance and just do it.
Do you think I look like a pathetic loser...
who bites his tongue because of money?
Well, I'm just...
You talked about your loan and car payment.
I'm not the type of person who chooses what to say...
and what to hold back based on money.
Taxi!
What was that about?
He loves to bluff, but he's so inconsistent.
He's cool though.
What's that on your forehead? Did you get a pimple?
Let's have lunch together.
I promised you that I'd buy you sushi. Let's do it today.
I'm the prosecutor in charge of your case.
Not anymore.
You've been acting so feisty. Was it all for a show?
I saw that you decided not to indict Mr. Park and drop the case.
Who said I dropped the case?
Mr. Choi told me.
I haven't submitted it to Mr. Park yet.
I've been studying the documents,
and it doesn't look like I can let it go.
Hey!
It's an assault case, and the victim doesn't want him to be punished.
What on earth are you saying, Jae Chan?
That will only work when it's a simple assault case.
I also noticed a few other things that seem suspicious.
There are people who need to be summoned as well.
Things that seem suspicious?
People who need to be summoned?
There's no such thing.
You won't find anything even if you study those documents for months.
Know with whom you're dealing with if you want to bluff away.
Jae Chan.
I know what card you're holding.
Yu Beom,
do you know what's more awful than not knowing anything?
Thinking that you know everything.
I must've totally lost my mind.
Why did I bluff like that? How am I going to handle it all?
Gosh.
45-15-35-43-27-33.
Ms. Moon! Just a second.
You're taking them to Mr. Park, right?
Do I look like I'm taking them out for recycling?
Just a moment, okay?
What are you doing now?
I want to dig the Park Jun Mo case again.
Great, found it.
All he does is dig. Is he a groundhog or what?
This is why we still have a mountain of cold cases.
Being excruciatingly slow is a lot worse than being stupid.
I feel bad for you.
- Mr. Choi. - Yes.
Please summon Mr. Park Jun Mo.
I'd like the doctor from Kiyoung Hospital and the victim, Ms. Do,
to be cross-examined, so summon them for the same day.
I thought the case got closed because it's not prosecutable.
I brought it back.
I see.
Oh, right. Please tell the doctor to bring copies of all records.
Sure.
Gosh, this means I have to work late again.
I love you, Mr. Choi.
Why are you calling my office? You have my cell phone number.
This makes me feel like we're all about work, which we aren't.
This call is about work.
Prosecutor Jung wants to summon Mr. Park to re-investigate the case.
I want to see which dates work for him.
Goodness, he's going overboard.
He can send us any questions he has.
I don't think you understand what's going on.
It looks like he'll even request a warrant if Mr. Park doesn't come.
Then it'll turn into a huge headache.
I can't let that happen.
I'll talk to him so that you won't have to worry about such a headache.
Okay. Salute.
Darn it! Jae Chan, that jerk. How dare he!
Yes, Mr. Lee.
Track down Park Jun Mo's wife and daughter.
Got it.
I notified him of the summons, but I don't think it'll be easy.
I didn't think it'd be easy.
Right. Yes.
Prosecutor Jung.
Mr. Park would like to see you.
45-15-35-43-27-33.
45-1... Gosh.
(Assistant Chief Prosecutor Park Dae Young)
45-15-35-43-27-33.
Hey, come on in.
I must say, your good looks...
surely have made a positive contribution to our division.
It'd be amazing if you could also contribute to boosting...
the team's performance.
I'll do my best.
Thank you.
Have some tea.
I noticed that the Park Jun Mo case isn't included in the pile...
of reports you sent to me for approval.
I heard it's an assault case, and the victim isn't seeking punishment.
It's an obvious case. Aren't you spending too much time on it?
I can't trust the medical report,
and he may have been assaulting her habitually.
Are you sure it's not because it's Lawyer Lee Yu Beom's case?
No, that's not the reason.
Then just submit the report and focus on other cases.
This is why the cold cases keep piling up.
I'll dig a bit deeper and see if I can find anything else.
There are other cases that are more urgent.
Why are you so hung up on that specific case?
If you keep acting like this,
it'll look like you're trying to get back at Lawyer Lee like he said.
I can't do that?
- What? - Whether that's true or not,
there's nothing wrong with wanting to examine a case thoroughly.
Are you joking with me now or what?
I don't care even if you misunderstand my intentions.
If I drop the case just to avoid such a misunderstanding,
it'll come back as a crueler case later on.
So, I plan to look into everything including all past incidents...
very thoroughly.
How dare you!
Goodness. Apparently, Mr. Park yelled at him.
"How dare you!"
Gosh, it takes a lot for him to say that.
"How dare you!" He rarely says it.
I guess the newbie's motto is living an intense...
but short life.
Apparently, he kept talking back to Mr. Park.
He's brave!
He lives today as if there's no tomorrow!
I used to get punched when I talked back.
I guess he can't hold back what he wants to say.
Was he like that in college too?
Not at all. Why is he being so gutsy?
Did he win the lottery or what?
How does it feel?
Isn't this model so amazing?
It's one of the most fuel-efficient luxury sedans.
A whiff of gas is all it needs to start moving.
That's technology. It's our brand's exclusive technology.
Could you please take a picture of me driving?
Of course! Sure thing.
Oh, my. That looks great.
Is it because of the red interiors?
It's perfect for a young CEO.
A young CEO.
What would be good as a second car if I get this as my main car?
A second car?
My gosh.
That's right. The latest trend is getting another car for leisure...
in addition to the main one you use for work. Absolutely.
It's certainly not an unnecessary luxury.
- Just a moment, please. - Sure.
[VIU Ver] E06 While You Were Sleeping "Secretly, Greatly"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Where are you going?
It's none of your business. Why do you ask?
There's something I want to tell you.
I told my boss that I plan to re-investigate the case.
I'll be sure to bring the truth to light, no matter what anyone says.
Seriously?
Why were you being so difficult if you were going to do it anyway?
Do your actions and words generally not match?
- Are you two-faced? - No.
I'd say I'm a man of my word.
It doesn't seem that way.
By the way, whose car is that?
Oh, I'm test-driving it.
Are you going to buy that car?
Well, I'll see.
Are you getting it because you believed my lie...
about the winning lottery number?
What? That was a lie?
Did you actually believe it?
Goodness, do you think I'm crazy? Why would I believe such nonsense?
Right?
Gosh, I'm so relieved.
That's not why you spoke up against your boss, right?
I already told you. I'm not the type of person who bites his tongue...
because of money.
Of course I know that you're not like that.
I should get going.
I've been studying the documents,
and it doesn't look like I can let it go.
Hey!
So, I plan to look into everything including all past incidents.
How dare you!
I must be going crazy.
My gosh.
He wants to buy an additional car,
and he'll get all the options.
Gosh, honey. Calm down, please.
It's not that big of a deal.
Honey, we should get our son a new phone.
No, not a used one. Let's get him a brand new phone. Of course!
I'll call you back later.
I'll speak to you soon.
Sir, I thought hard about what would be best for you.
You said you want a second car. For the additional car,
I think an SUV would be perfect.
That being said, I'd like to recommend this model to you.
What do you think?
Good to know. I'll keep that in mind.
Right, I thought it's a bit too soon...
to talk about getting an additional car.
Then when would you like to purchase this model?
I guess I'll buy it sometime in the future.
I see, sometime in the future.
I'm in trouble.
Let's go back before the rush hour begins.
Yes, I'm telling you. I obviously have more seniority than him,
but he keeps calling me by my first name at work.
He rebelled against Mr. Park as if he's ready to leave this field.
Hey, exactly.
I know this because I worked on one of Park Jun Mo's cases last year.
Being enthusiastic isn't enough to solve such cases...
My gosh!
What's going on, Prosecutor Jung? What are you doing here?
I'm thinking about leaving this field.
Did you hear everything?
Let's talk casually. There's no one else here.
Yes, let's do that. I mean...
All right.
Did you also not indict him when you worked on his case last year?
What happened was...
I'm not here to argue. I'm just asking out of curiosity.
That's right. I didn't indict him.
Sorry, I still sound so formal.
This wouldn't have happened had you indicted him back then.
You don't regret it?
No, I don't. I'd make the same decision even if I were to go back.
- Why is that? - I'm sure you've heard this before.
"We will fight for justice and human rights."
"We will become warm prosecutors who help the weak and underprivileged."
That's the Prosecutors' Oath.
At times, fighting for justice...
and helping the weak can clash.
As in the Park Jun Mo case.
In many domestic abuse cases,
arresting the husband who is the breadwinner results in...
the rest of the family having to struggle to sustain themselves.
His wife writing that statement doesn't mean she forgave him.
We all know that.
We're only pretending not to know...
because we want his wife to make a choice...
between staying inside the thorny walls...
and braving the thornbush by stepping out of those walls.
People like us who are sitting in a field of pretty flowers...
don't have any right to tell her what to do.
You want to indict and arrest him without such rights?
That's...
not justice.
It's foolish bravery.
(Seoul Hangang District Prosecutors' Office)
Those who can't differentiate the two shouldn't be prosecutors.
(Jung Jae Chan, Supreme Prosecutors' Office)
(Seoul Hangang District Prosecutors' Office)
Stop chuckling. Why wouldn't you tell me?
What did you mean by starting at a level higher than Grade Nine?
It means that you have to pass the bar exam.
I'll do it.
What can I become if I pass the bar exam?
Gosh, you can become many things.
Many jobs will become available to you, but I'm not sure.
Hello.
Dad, so what is it?
What do you want me to become?
Oh, Jae Chan.
Can you go home and bring my phone?
I forgot to bring it.
Sure.
Jae Chan.
How about a prosecutor?
Prosecutor?
Yes.
I'd love to see you becoming a prosecutor.
Sure, I'll try.
All right.
You can do it!
Dad.
No... Dad.
Dad...
That's when I learned...
that my dad made a choice.
I'm at the funeral...
of Captain Jung Il Song and the bus driver,
Nam Chul Du, who saved lives from the runaway soldier.
No, honey...
Dad sacrificed his life in order to save people,
and the world called him a hero.
But...
my mom lost her husband because of that choice,
and Seung Won and I lost our dad.
I can't really say...
that his choice made me proud. Rather, I resented it.
- Honey... - Dad...
To others, his choice meant justice.
But to me, it was nothing but a foolish bravery.
Honey...
- Can I help you? - Oh, my goodness.
Gosh, I didn't believe my eyes.
What are you talking about?
Don't you remember me?
I'm the guy who almost got hit by the car on Valentine's Day.
Are you all right?
Yes.
Oh, you're that guy.
I should've thanked you sooner. I'm Han Woo Tak.
It's all right. I'm Jung Jae Chan.
You're a prosecutor.
Oh, yes. I work here.
Did you get hurt at all?
Of course not. Thanks to you, I'm totally fine.
I've been wanting to treat you to a meal. I'm so glad I ran into you.
How about we have dinner together this evening? Do you have plans?
No, I don't.
Then let's go.
I'll treat you to barbecue.
All right, sure.
I was born in the Year of the Dragon.
We're the same age, then.
My gosh, seriously? Then shall we talk casually like friends?
I don't want to.
Gosh.
(Hong Joo Samgyeopsal)
Hey, I don't need your help. Just go study.
I'm not doing this to help you.
I'm just bored. I can't stand being bored.
You're really something.
Just like somebody I know, you say one thing and mean another.
You put up a tough front, but you're not strong at all.
You seem like a nice girl, yet you say such mean things.
Ma'am, she's a pianist.
You can't make her do things that might hurt her hands.
Ma'am? Who? Where?
My, what a coincidence.
We meet again.
What a nice surprise.
I gave her a ride home in my police car a few days ago.
I only came here because I was craving pork belly suddenly.
Gosh, how can a coincidence like this happen?
Oh, I totally regretted not asking your name that day.
What's your name?
I'm Nam Hong Joo.
I'm Han Woo Tak. I was born in 1988, the Year of the Dragon.
I was born in the same year.
Then shall we just talk casually like friends?
- Sounds good! - Great.
It's so nice to be able to talk comfortably to an age-mate.
Hold on, that means all three of us are dragons.
We're like three flying dragons.
What? Three flying dragons?
That's so funny!
By the way, you look much better without glasses.
Really? You think so?
Goodness.
I found out where Mr. Park Jun Mo's wife and daughter are staying.
Where are they?
I clearly told you not to get involved with So Yoon.
What are you doing here? And why are you wearing that apron?
That's what I want to ask you.
Gosh, that brat.
I thought the two of you would be very loving towards each other,
but you're just like other brothers.
You even know that he's my brother?
It wasn't a coincidence, right?
Everything from running into me and bringing me here.
That's what I want to know as well.
Is all of this a coincidence?
Or is it fate?
Gosh, what are you doing now?
I actually don't feel anything.
Does it mean it's not fate?
- Where are you going? - I'm going to the washroom.
Will what I saw in my dream really happen?
In the dream...
- Hello. - On my way...
to this restaurant with Kyung Han,
- I ran into Jae Chan. - I'm Oh Kyung Han.
In the dream, we parted ways after exchanging names,
and I came here with Kyung Han.
The rest is the same as the dream.
From where the customers are sitting...
to what they ordered, everything is exactly the same.
I only made...
a very small change.
Instead of Kyung Han...
Even water is tasty here.
I brought Jae Chan here.
I'm so excited.
Stop joking around and be honest with me.
Is all of this a coincidence or did you bring me here on purpose?
You better not give me the spiel about fate.
Hold on.
Oh, 2 kimchi stew for Table 3.
Okay.
If this is like my dream,
that man will walk in through that door in five seconds.
Five.
Four.
Three.
2, 1.
Hello.
What brings you here, Yu Beom?
Gosh, it's really happening.
He got here in exactly five seconds.
I'm not here to see you, Hong Joo.
I'm here to speak with the two of you as Mr. Park's attorney.
I've seen enough to know that this must be fate, not a coincidence.
You know that man well, don't you?
I'm getting really curious.
That small change I made.
Will it...
prevent the horrible moments...
that are about to unfold?
(The Late Jung Il Song)
(Report Card, Donggang High School)
(Prosecutor's Office, Prosecutor: Jung Jae Chan)
(While You Were Sleeping)